Update feature_request.md (#3630)
windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Pull Request has been submitted to the documentation repository [instructions](..\contributing.md#docs). Link: <!-- docs PR link -->
- [ ] Sample in sample app has been added / updated (for bug fixes / features)
    - [ ] Icon has been created (if new sample) following the [Thumbnail Style Guide and templates](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-design-assets)

> - [ ] New major feature/change in the toolkit and documents have or will be added to the [Wiki](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/wiki)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] New major technical changes in the toolkit have or will be added to the [Wiki](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/wiki) e.g. build changes, source generators, testing infrastructure, sample creation changes, etc...
```
